// This file does nothing and exists to keep track of any changes my Steam description in my Git.

Tired of vanilla DF, but not wanting to go too far down the rabbit hole of high fantasy? Want to play races other than dwarves, or wanting a new twist on dwarves as you know it? Want a more European fantasy feeling with less durian fruit or capybaras? Want your elves little less silly, and a bit more Silmarillion?

Dwarves!
Stoic zium-khazaden with steel gleaming like the glacial peaks!
Fiery zhan-khazaden who hold faith with maces and mauls of gleaming bronze!
Dwarf-women are rare and prized above diamonds, beards will be rent asunder at the shame of their loss!

Men!
Eislers, the iron-clad allies of the zium-khazaden, who were entrusted with the secrets of steel for their honor-bound oaths!
Tyrians, who mastered the waves and trade, forming empires with their vast legions!
Murrites, a sand-swept people driven forth for the empowerment of their priest-kings!

Elves!
Dawn elves, assured this world is theirs to yet shape, seeking to clothe their people in glory!
Bright elves, certain paradise is already made, dwelling in palaces with slaves at their beck and call!
Dusk elves, world-worn and weary, seeking to endure what remains of life like the marble of their ruined cities!
They say an elf can live forever, and with their prowess, an elder lord should be feared!

Greenskins!
Cave goblins, clawing in the swamps and caverns of the world, making war with uncounted numbers of scampering minions!
Dark orcs, serving their powerful masters to blacken the skies with the soot of burning pyres!
Orcish people are a wretched lot with great brutes domineering over their lesser kin, craven snaga scampering from their wrath, goblin smiths hammering out their malice, and the duplicitous hags scheming for power behind bloody thrones!

All races playable!
Entities now form recognizable and repeatable cultures!
Elves have metals stronger than steel!
Mechanical power grinds useless stone into ores!
Crops culled and simplified!
Did you like a dozen names for wheat? Neither did I! Here's three I renamed, each regionally relevant to a given human subculture!
Did you like ten varieties of citrus fruit? Neither did I! Have a lime! Its just a lime!
Coffee and tea are now brewable! Inventing caffine is still WIP!
Avocado does not belong on roasts! Or anywhere, because its from the New World!
Animals culled to the Roman world!
Dire wolves! Dire bears! Beware the goblin cavalry!
Outdoor farming, even for dwarves!
Pigs give birth in litters for meat and leather alike!
Goblins give birth in litters into a strict caste system, perfect for child labor!
Less dwarven women means less useless children getting hit by mine carts or babies catching arrows!
New metals based on real-world materials yet with fantastic names!
Charcoal, parchment, clay bricks, etc. are all rebalanced to be more economical!
Reworked religious tendancies for all groups!
Pikedwarves? Why not! Nearly all weapons dwarf-wieldable!
New weapons! Slings, javelins, voulges, fauchards, backswords, hand axes, recurve bows, arbalests, rondel daggers, war-knives...
New training weapons for all skills; including climbing, swimming, discipline, tactics and fighting!
New armor! Mail coats, mail mittens, gambesons, arming-caps, coifs...
Nerve, brain and spinal tissue can now heal! Kinda! Just barely!

More than I can remember, and even more to come!